hello everyone at this video all
just because I got a package
from aliexpress i'm sorry for the
brightness i'm going to try to open the
apulia brightness
I think it's better I do not know
you hear and the cuckoo is great
short if you hear it and the cuckoo
so i go shopping on ali
express i'm going to show you everything from
what I took first
took what I'm thinking here I 'm going to you
show right away it's a necklace
frozen already open a local read I
will take the case sheet but then
Well, he's too pretty because he falls
like that
I love it then I took a
bracelet that I love I think you
hear well the cool shot and behind
my drop at this clip
in fact I can tell you that default the
hello they bother us online a little
I am one if you hear it message
following brief especially when you sleep that
you sleep late being a
cuckoo who libes brief the cedh and a
pair of earrings I love
I find it too pretty in addition to that
they are light
like that they are beautiful this one
frankly they are too pretty
is given super pretty must do too much
too pretty yeah that should be too much
too much play I love then I took a
little slip like that in angel wings
I love that I've seen a lot of youtube
what they bought it I said oh there
I also love it's wings
beautiful angel but frankly I
'm not disappointed it's too much too I you
say what really too pretty I like
a lot
that's how it is then I took
a bracelet is a shambala bracelet
with an infiniti on it I have not you
says indeed quickly makes the video finally
I went fast on the video because
I'm afraid of wasting time and
costs it's too long for you I
not say how long it took me
to receive my package it took me to
me it's a lot
finally could sink took two
month to me I just saw
I am very disappointed
the infiniti a diamond finally a fake
diamonds here that there is more than is
lost who could so I'm a little disappointed
I will put myself in comment I am
disappointed
so I took small fleas
cute knot come on I want
they extend throughout apu torreilles
cutie what are the way too
then I took an owl bracelet
because I 'm the owls here
who is like this behind it's like
that and in front of it's like this one sees this
that gives
the holes on Thursday I will put all of
links in info bar
then I took a pair of curls
because I thought it was
would go with the wings angel necklace but
no because the color and is not
the same
I would have preferred it to be the same color
so it's a flashy blue blue sky for
summer is going to be the ideal
and that I've seen in the videos of
youtube and this shot but I cracked on
I cracked on the parts of loops
ears and this among others to raid it
I've done them for so long
wanted I waited for the package with
impatience they are beautiful and
then I took a pair of ray
I'm not too happy could not have
not many who are I am not
happy but I do not know if you're going
to see here it is shifted in fact the there
where it closes it's offbeat while
there he is well me but this one not so
we see that the quality not top top 1 cd
Creole with little diamonds you finally
small diamond defects of course
Here I find them too pretty
are not too cros neither too big nor too much
small
in any case my favorites of my
order
we're going to say it's the angel wings so
the angel wings parcel and its curls
ears that are just gorgeous that
I 'll put that to you for sure I'll
clean up of course and I would put them
because frankly that they are too
beautiful they are really too beautiful and
I really like the necklace I wear
and the arm it was also just
magnificent
so I hope this video will have you
more if you see that I look from this
side of that sense that's because
I put a back cameras end is a
mirror behind
so I try to see well finally
see if you see what I'm doing
watch is good it's not too practical
we will say but otherwise I find that
it's not bad because I can see this
that I do but I must avoid
Too much look at the mirror that is behind
because otherwise it will bother you
so I hope this video will have more
that the cuckoo that's singing next to us
do not bother too much and I tell you
see you soon